# June 24, 2021

## Attendees
- Shane F Carr (SFC)
- Ujjwal Sharma (USA)
- Justin Grant (JGT)

## Agenda
### IETF update
No updates.

### Old polyfill deprecation process
- [ ] PR Readme changes in old repo - JGT
  - JGT: I'll get this done this week.
- [ ] npm deprecate old polyfill - PFC
- [ ] npm deprecate other random modules - PDL
- [ ] PR to add runtime console warning - JGT
- [ ] Cut new release of old polyfill - PFC
- [ ] Update issues #1447 and #1446 - JGT

### Production polyfill
- PDL: Auto release process with GitHub actions?

### Should we have a Temporal.PlainMonthDay.compare? [#1547](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/issues/1547)
(Deferred until PFC is present)